Of course, I want to thank you well.
Thank you for helping me take good care of the emperor in the palace
I was able to come back here so smoothly
Yes, I just like your eyes
I will come to see you
In this lonely harem
It's rare to have such an interesting thing
Hahahahahaha
Empress forgiveness
You did a great job without showing up just now
I just want him to think I'm dead
Let him do it.
only
I'm a little worried
Your Majesty, please rest assured
The emperor is strong in martial arts
Be attentive
And there are also hanging armor soldiers protecting in the dark
It'll be alright
Emperor
The emperor doesn't have to worry so much
These matters can be handled by ministers
Although I don't ask myself
But also know
The emperor's concubines know that you work day and night for the country
This is chicken soup specially made for the emperor
The craft of your deceased concubine